---
layout: post
title: Oh Hai!
summary: Welcome to Nodeum - a blog about technology and web development by Steven To.
---

> "Stay hungry, stay foolish."

_That is perhaps one of my favorite quotes from Steve Jobs._

Steve Jobs is an iconic entrepreneur and motivator of this generation. He's _the misfit, the rebel, the trouble-maker_ of this century. He left me with lots of questions in how I was living my life, what I contributed to the society and pretty much is the reason why I could get to this stage of my life. I am learning so much and working hard to gain more knowledge about the thing I love the most - the Web.

## Who Am I?

My name is Chi To - preferably to be called **Steven To**. I am a tech enthusiast, has-a-lot-of-crazy-ideas human and junior front-end developer based in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.

I _love_ to design and code the web. I _learn_ from my family, my friends and the Interweb.

## What is Nodeum?

_Let's start with the problem I had_

I have always wanted to write about technology, web development and design, but I didn't really know how to build a website. Until 6 months ago, I learned about Jekyll, its capabilities and decided to build a blog on my own. There were previously a few versions of my blog before this current one. I kept designing, coding and then ended up throwing them away.

_But then I said **"It's enough!"**_

I have to be consistent, [publish more](http://www.travandlos.com/18) and focus on the content instead of how my website looks.

That is why I created Nodeum. Nodeum is my personal website, my portfolio and my blog writing about technology, web development and my insights in life.

Nodeum is:

- Coded on a Dell laptop.
- Built with **Jekyll**
- Hosted on **GitHub Pages**

## The purpose of Nodeum

I built this blog with the aim to share my knowledge about web development and design, as well as showcasing my projects and what I learned from them.

The site is pretty empty right now. But in the near future, I will be posting more about front-end web development, so make sure to peek in every now and then.

Thanks for reading.

— Steven To, with <i class="fa fa-heart" style="color: #e74c3c;"></i>
